---
Status:: Draft
Priority:: Med
Assignee:: Greg
DueDate:: 
Tags:: #year/2025 #template
---

## ✅ Tasks
- [ ] Alternative LED supplier - verify that the current LED product : assign to Sipho
- [ ] Arrange access of Marnus Tharratt from Fermel.
- [ ] Discuss Fermel additional resources with Lourens/Niresha
- [ ] Discuss Strata resources for the CAS project
- [ ] Change the amount on SHERQ bakkie capex application - remove engineering fees.
- [ ] Discuss with Chris, the Normet or Fermel or epiroc option for lifting baskets

## 📝 Notes
- LD0646 Christo's bakkie. follow up on status of this 
- Discuss with Jacques
	- Reliability engineer
	- Senior Production Engineer
	- Female fitter (Semiskilled) 3rd place. Do not want to be appointed at N2
Johnny -  visit offsite area and evaluate area where we can do the work off site.
## 📅 Meetings
Cruisers/Nerospec CAS-L9 Meeting
- [ ]  Can we use the night shift Strata Tech to assist with project
- [ ] Pull Tebogo to assist with 
- [ ] JJ did not send proposal for additional resources - contacted Chris Katzke (Nerspec Sr) will send proposal 3 people for 3 months.

Fermel CAS-L9 Meeting
- [ ] PP360 compliance vs 5 day. This is taking too long doing the full pp.
- [ ] Requirement for LDV and OEM for Technicians. Marnus Tharratt currently busy with LDV. also need to do Legal liability training
- [ ] Strata L9 commissioning takes +-3 hours

Manitou CAS-L9 Meeting
- [ ] CR0189 electrical repairs start tomorrow
- [ ] CR0161 @ N3 needs new engine. (Greg), consider sending off site to next year
- [ ] CR0093 to be replaced (not part of the allocation)
- [ ] CR121 need injectors to be installed today
- [ ] CR0086 turbo failed 
- [ ] CR0104 must come to the workshop for major repairs on the boom, but Nero-spec can do their installation
- [ ] CR147, CR145 CR? repairs were done.
- [ ] CR92 service was done on 23rd. there are some pedal issues
- [ ] CR178, C182 194 for inspection, 105 electrical issues to be
- [ ] CR265, 183, 187, 171 carry inspection next schedule, pedal.

Aard CAS-L9 meeting
- [ ] Some panel work on UV67 and UV68 are charging and uv0105 is a water-bowser. Use lube unit being converted currently. waiting for tank. Need 3rd team to start at N3.
- [ ] Aard Scalers. - need wheel motors with speed sensors must be ordered
- [ ] N2: UV53 used for refueling, cant release it to go for conversion as it is used to do refuelling, UV108 and UV0043 must go to Aard sooner.
- [ ] N3: UV0056 = 2016 machine
- [ ] Need additional ECS team (currently 2x must talk with Shawn)
- [ ] Some of the machines are scrapped, Get list from Pieter - Greg to follow up.
- [ ] What about orders for repairs e.g. new panels

BELL CAS-L9 Meeting
- [ ] Scaler testing will take place 

Strata is a general bottleneck, as there are not sufficient resources. This is becoming a serious bottleneck.
Can we work outside the mine to do the work and perform tests off-site