---
'Status:': Active
'Priority:': High
'Assignee:':
- - Karsten
  - Gregory
'DueDate:': 2025-11-11
'Tags:': null
permalink: 00-inbox/2025-11-10-production-support-meeting-with-jacques-breet
---

# Production Support Meeting with Jacques Breet - 2025-11-10

**Date:** Monday, November 10, 2025 (13:00)
**Type:** Production Support Discussion
**Attendees:**
- [[Breet, Jacques]]
- [[Karsten, Gregory]]

---

## Meeting Purpose & Context

Discussing the need for a formal **"Production Support Meeting"** - a regular forum where major operational issues can be discussed, streamlined, or resolved quickly. This meeting would enable de-bottlenecking and rapid resolution of issues requiring key decision-makers (Finance Manager, Procurement, etc.).

### Key Requirement
- **Decision-makers must be present:** Finance manager, procurement leadership
- **Purpose:** Quick resolution of blocking issues
- **Format:** Issues can be discussed and resolved in one session

---

## Action Items & Follow-Ups

### 1. 9W Dam Status at Gloria
- [ ] [[Dubazane, Sipho]] to provide update on 9W dam status at Gloria #task #priority/high #site/Gloria ðŸ“… 2025-11-11

### 2. IR Detector Procedure (Sello)
- [ ] [[Taku, Sello]] to write procedure for IR detector (infrared belt monitoring) #task #priority/medium ðŸ“… 2025-11-18
- **Note:** Send belt tear PCA (Principal Cause Analysis) to Chris

### 3. Development Capital Orders Alignment
- [ ] Set up alignment session with [[Marthelo, Unknown]] to discuss Development Capital orders #task #priority/high #capital ðŸ“… 2025-11-15

### 4. HD8RT Recovery Report (Vibration Assessment)
- [ ] [[Dubazane, Sipho]] to provide HD8RT recovery report including vibration assessment #task #priority/high #site/Gloria ðŸ“… 2025-11-11
- **Critical:** Humbelmann cannot email - engineers must let Humbelmann know directly
- **Related:** Send list of VIB exemptions to Jacques

---

## Discussion Topics

### Production Support Meeting Framework
**Proposed structure for Monday meetings:**
- Name: "Production Support Meeting"
- Frequency: Weekly (Mondays preferred)
- Attendees: Engineering, Finance Manager, Procurement Manager, Operations
- Purpose: Streamline issue resolution, remove bottlenecks
- Format: Bring issues that need cross-functional decisions

**Benefits:**
- Fast-track problem resolution
- Direct access to decision-makers
- Reduce email chains and delays
- Clear accountability and follow-through

---

## Technical Issues Discussed

### IR Detector System (Belt Tear Detection)
- Infrared monitoring for conveyor belt integrity
- Procedure needed for deployment and maintenance
- Related to recent belt tear incident (PCA required)
- Integration with fire safety monitoring systems

### HD8RT Equipment Recovery
- Vibration analysis required
- Critical equipment at Gloria site
- Humbelmann (vibration specialist) involved but communication issues
- VIB exemptions list needs to be compiled and shared

### 9W Dam Infrastructure
- Gloria site-specific issue
- Status update needed from Sipho's team
- Likely water management or tailings-related

---

## Related Context

**Key Players:**
- [[Breet, Jacques]] - Production/Operations leadership
- [[Dubazane, Sipho]] - Engineer at Gloria (responsible for dam and HD8RT)
- [[Taku, Sello]] - Engineering Manager (IR detector procedure)
- Marthelo - Development Capital coordination (confirm full name)
- Humbelmann - Vibration analysis specialist (communication constraints)
- Chris - Recipient of belt tear PCA

**Related Projects:**
- [[projects/Capital/]] - Development capital orders
- Belt monitoring and fire detection systems
- Equipment vibration analysis program
- Gloria site infrastructure

---

## Next Steps

1. **Immediate (Tomorrow):**
   - Sipho: 9W dam status update
   - Sipho: HD8RT vibration report
   - Contact Humbelmann directly re: vibration assessment

2. **This Week:**
   - Schedule alignment meeting with Marthelo (Development Capital)
   - Compile VIB exemptions list for Jacques
   - Send belt tear PCA to Chris

3. **Medium-Term:**
   - Sello: Draft IR detector procedure (by Nov 18)
   - Formalize Production Support Meeting structure and cadence

---

**Meeting Outcome:** Framework established for regular production support meetings with key decision-makers. Multiple site-specific action items assigned.

**Next Production Support Meeting:** TBD (propose weekly Monday slot)