---
Status:: Draft
Priority:: Med
Assignee:: Greg
DueDate:: 
Tags:: #year/2025 #template
---

## ✅ Tasks
- [ ]

## 📝 Notes
- OK so the planners must incorporate the replacement TMM capital as well as component capital into the into the Portfolio under the acid key engineer and chief planner so they are also responsible to coordinate the budgeting so I want to add this as part of a bigger strategy for us of how we set ourselves up
- So this relates to the personal project called [[MarthaVault]]. I'm. busy trying to set it up in windsurf. as I'm reading through the insights relating to the git module or aspect the thought came to mind when I do three ash of the inbox the Claude CLI can suggest what to do with a particular item in the inbox. but it can also ask questions if it doesn't know where something fits or if there's new information that's not currently in the world, so it should always be context away. So when that processes things in inbox, it must actually pull all the context related to that particular item.

## 📅 Meetings
- [ ] Teams meeting with Nerospec and [[Hennie Van Niekerk]] just discussing the progress of the 2x upgrades phase one has started to have some problems with the PDUs. Transerve is coming to site to come and assist. Problems seem to be that there is a shattering or clicking inside the pdu box even if the isolator is off so that's why [[Transerve]] will come to assist .The second phase will be the alternator upgrade so yeah that will also start in earnest. Breakdown this has been coming down but most of the issues will be resolved with these two upgrades the 2nd point is that the timelines will be updated at some later point once you know In terms of level 9 limitation the upgrades plus level 9 will be done together. I requested [[Hennie Van Niekerk]] to make sure that the changes to the system are captured as part of change management and relevant documentation  & sign off.

- [ ] Clarence Pienaar Psych Feedback ([[felicity Makgoloboto]], [[Emily Mabapa]], [[Sharon Hinde]], [[people/Sello Sease]],)
	- Practical
	- Logical  reasoning
	- Level of complexity
	- Quiet
	- introvert
	- can take control and manage people
	- Very work oriented
	- Good emotional intelligence
	- Keen to succeed
	- Interpersonal relationship
	- Conscientious
	- Very strong candidate
	- Can take people along
	- Very persuasive
	- Sometimes reserved
	- Very driven to succeed
	- smart minded.
	- Adaptability/ Flexibility is good.
	- Conceptual and Innovative
	- Not stuck in his ways.
	- Complexity is excellent L3 Practical also 
He is great and do really well.
Completer, Evaluator, tough minded, team player.
We will recommend him for appointment as [[GES-TMM]] at [[Nchwaning 3]]